Improve local development workflow (#861)
JuliaPackaging/BinaryBuilder.jl: docs/src/building.md

* [`Xorg_libX11`](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/Yggdrasil/blob/eb3728a2303c98519338fe0be370ef299b807e19/X/Xorg_libX11/build_tarballs.jl#L36-L42)
  depends on `Xorg_libxcb_jll`, and `Xorg_xtrans_jll` at build- and run-time,
  and on `Xorg_xorgproto_jll` and `Xorg_util_macros_jll` only at build-time.

# Building and testing JLL packages locally

As a package developer, you may want to test JLL packages locally, or as a binary dependency

> developer you may want to easily use custom binaries.  In both cases, the new `dev` and
> `overrides` directory support make it easy to get complete control over the local JLL package
> state.

Reviewer: The way this is phrased (esp. the use of "the new ... support") makes it well suited for a release announcement, but IMHO somewhat less so for a permanent entry in the manual. I don't claim to know the perfect way to do this, but in an attempt to be constructive and not just destructive, here is an attempt for an alternative phrasing
```suggestion
developer you may want to easily use custom binaries. To support these use cases, we provide
means to make it easy to get complete control over the local JLL package state, which are
described in the following subsections.
```

## Overriding a prebuilt JLL package's binaries

After running `pkg> dev LibFoo_jll`, a local JLL package will be checked out to your depot's

> `dev` directory, (on most installations this is `~/.julia/dev`) and by default it will make

Reviewer: "it" = the JLL?
```suggestion
`dev` directory (on most installations this is `~/.julia/dev`), and by default the JLL will make
```

use of binaries within your depot's `artifacts` directory.  However, if an `override`

> directory is present within that package directory, it will look within that directory for

Reviewer: Again, "it".

Also, when reading this I was unsure what "that package directory" refers to -- presumably the one in `~/.julia/dev`? I didn't see mention of another, but "that" sounds (to me, as a non-native speaker, so this may very well be entirely be my own fault!) as if there was some alternate dir to consider? (And perhaps there is and I am just oblivious to it). Perhaps this could be made clearer; I am not quite sure how so; but for me, the following already is a bit clearer.

```suggestion
directory is present within its package directory, the JLL will look within that directory for
```

binaries, rather than in any artifact directory.  There is no mixing and matching of binaries
within a single JLL package; if an `override` directory is present, all products defined within
that JLL package must be found within the `override` directory, none will be sourced from an
artifact.  Dependencies (e.g. found within another JLL package) may still be loaded from their
respective artifacts, so dependency JLLs must themselves be `dev`'ed and have `override`
directories created with files or symlinks created within them.

### Auto-populating `override` directory

> To ease creation of an `override` directory, JLL packages now contain a `dev_jll()` function,

Reviewer: I am a bit torn of the use of "now" here, for the reason I already outlined above: how will this read to somebody in one year? One way to go about this wold be to insert a date in here, e.g. "since August 2020". But that doesn't seem great, also it depends a bit on when the patch is merged and Yggdrasil updated to use it? 

So I guess instead I would suggest this: drop "now" here, and instead insert a comment somewhere along the lines of: "Note that older JLLs which were generated before this feature was introduced may lack a `dev_jll`
function." 
```suggestion
To ease creation of an `override` directory, JLL packages contain a `dev_jll()` function,
```

that will ensure that a `~/.julia/dev/<jll name>` package is `dev`'ed out, and will copy the
normal artifact contents into the appropriate `override` directory.  This will result in no
functional difference from simply using the artifact directory, but provides a template of

> files that can be replaced by custom-built binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files that can be replaced by custom-built binaries.

Note that JLLs which were generated before this feature was introduced to
BinaryBuilder may lack a `dev_jll` function.
```

## Building a custom JLL package locally

When building a new version of a JLL package, if `--deploy` is passed to `build_tarballs.jl`

> then a JLL package will be deployed to a GitHub repository.  (Read the documentation given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then the newly-built JLL package will be deployed to a GitHub repository.  (Read the documentation given
```

> by passing `--help` to a `build_tarballs.jl` script for more on `--deploy` options)  If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by passing `--help` to a `build_tarballs.jl` script for more on `--deploy` options).  If
```

`--deploy=local` is passed, the JLL package will still be built in the `~/.julia/dev/`
directory, but it will not be uploaded anywhere.  This is useful for local testing and

> validation that the built artifacts are working with your package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for validating that the built artifacts are working with your package.
```
